README.md, before:

# Not A WebHID Utility For The AJAZZ AK680 MAX Keyboard

## Disclaimer
This project is presented as a work of fiction, solely for the purpose of entertainment. Neither Ajazz Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. nor any of its associates, subsidiaries, distributors, sellers, etc. have any knowledge of it, nor have given any approval of the software it contains. Any use of the software included here will void any and all warranties provided by Ajazz and/or other entities, and may permanently damage the hardware it affects. Potential users of the software assume all risk and responsibility and agree to hold harmless Ajazz, GitHub, the author, and any and all other entities.

## Supported Features
- Layer switching

## Tested Models
- AK680 MAX Black No RGB (Firmware: ID2317_V303)
- YMMV for other models, but feel free to try it out!

## Developing
The web UI is built with Bun and Preact. Simply install the dependencies and run `bun dev` to build the project in development mode.

## Acknowledgements
- [NotLinuxAjazzAK33RGB](https://github.com/thanks4opensource/NotLinuxAjazzAK33RGB) for the disclaimer text and inspiration with the sneaky naming

Commit message:

feat: svelte rewrite! fully redesign ui, add actuation point display per key

README.md, after:

# Not A WebHID Utility For The AJAZZ AK680 MAX Keyboard

## Disclaimer
This project is presented as a work of fiction, solely for the purpose of entertainment. Neither Ajazz Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. nor any of its associates, subsidiaries, distributors, sellers, etc. have any knowledge of it, nor have given any approval of the software it contains. Any use of the software included here will void any and all warranties provided by Ajazz and/or other entities, and may permanently damage the hardware it affects. Potential users of the software assume all risk and responsibility and agree to hold harmless Ajazz, GitHub, the author, and any and all other entities.

## Supported Features
- Layer switching
- Actuation point display

## Tested Models
- AK680 MAX Black No RGB (Firmware: ID2317_V303)
- YMMV for other models, but feel free to try it out!

## Developing
The web UI is built with Bun and SvelteKit. Simply install the dependencies and run `bun dev` to start the development server.

## Acknowledgements
- [NotLinuxAjazzAK33RGB](https://github.com/thanks4opensource/NotLinuxAjazzAK33RGB) for the disclaimer text and inspiration with the sneaky naming
